Api iframe permission requested draft (#1879)
MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback: specs/IFramePermissionRequested.md

requests that come from iframes. These permission requests occur when content
within the iframe are requesting access to priveleged resources. The permission
request types that we support are: Microphone, Camera, Geolocation,
Notifications, Other Sensors, and Clipboard Read.

We currently have a [PermissionRequested](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2permissionrequestedeventargs?view=webview2-1.0.1020.30)
event on our `CoreWebView2` which is raised for any permission requests
(either from webview or iframes). However, our customers do not have a way to
determine whether the request has come from the webview or an iframe and
handle these cases seperately. As such, we plan to expand our
`CoreWebView2Frame` API to include the `PermissionRequested` event.

A current limitation of our `CoreWebView2Frame` API is that it only supports top
level iframes. Any nested iframes will not have a `CoreWebView2Frame`
associated with them.

In this document we describe the updated API. We'd appreciate your feedback.

# Description
We propose extending `CoreWebView2Frame` to include the `PermissionRequested`

> event. This event will be raised whenever an iframe requests permission to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event. This event will be raised whenever the iframe corresponding to the CoreWebView2Frame or any of its descendant iframes requests permission to
```

priveleged resources.

Additionally, we propose extending `CoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs`
to include a `Handled` property.

To maintain backwards compatibility, by default we plan to raise
`PermissionRequested` on both `CoreWebView2Frame` and `CoreWebView2`. The
`CoreWebView2Frame` event handlers will be invoked first,
before the `CoreWebView2` event handlers. If `Handled` is set true as part of
the `CoreWebView2Frame` event handlers, then the `PermissionRequested` event
will not be raised on the `CoreWebView2`, and its event handlers will not be
invoked.

In the case of a nested iframe requesting permission, we will raise the event

> off of the top level iframe. This is due to the previously mentioned limitation

Reviewer: I wouldn't say this is due to this limitation. The PermissionRequested event is raised for the frame and its children in CoreWebView2 so can be reasonable to do the same on CoreWebView2Frame. In the future we may add CoreWebView2Frames for all frames and wouldn't change this behavior.

                                            CHECK_FAILURE(args->put_State(
                                                COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_STATE_DENY));
                                        }

                                        PutHandled(args);
                                        return S_OK;
                                    }

                                    std::wstring message =
                                        L"An iframe has requested device permission for ";
                                    message += NameOfPermissionKind(kind);
                                    message += L" to the website at ";
                                    message += uri.get();
                                    message += L"?\n\n";
                                    message += L"Do you want to grant permission?\n";
                                    message +=
                                        (userInitiated
                                             ? L"This request came from a user gesture."
                                             : L"This request did not come from a user "
                                               L"gesture.");

>                                     int response = MessageBox(

Reviewer: We don't want to run a message loop during an event handler or async callback. You'll need to get a deferral and run this async. There should be examples in the sample app of this - I think we have a helper function that takes like a lambda to run later asynchronously on the UI thread.

Author: Added async call w deferral

                                        nullptr, message.c_str(), L"Permission Request",
                                        MB_YESNOCANCEL | MB_ICONWARNING);

                                    COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_STATE state =
                                        COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_STATE_DEFAULT;

                                    if (response == IDYES)
                                    {
                                        m_cachedPermissions[cachedKey] = true;
                                        state = COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_STATE_ALLOW;
                                    }
                                    else if (response == IDNO)
                                    {
                                        m_cachedPermissions[cachedKey] = false;
                                        state = COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_STATE_DENY;

>                                     }

Reviewer: The C# code has an 'else' clause here that sets state to default. We should match with that here, or remove that there.

Author: Removed there (set state to default before conditional)

    // to first raise the PermissionRequested event off of the CoreWebView2Frame
    // and invoke it's handlers, and then raise the event off the CoreWebView2
    // and invoke it's handlers. However, If we set Handled to true on the
    // CoreWebView2Frame event handler, then we will not raise the
    // PermissionRequested event off the CoreWebView2.
    wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2PermissionRequestedEventArgs2> args2;
    CHECK_FAILURE(args->QueryInterface(IID_PPV_ARGS(&args2)));
    if (args2)
    {
        CHECK_FAILURE(args2->put_Handled(true));
    }
}
```

## C#: Registering IFrame Permission Requested Handler
```c#
private WebView2 m_webview;
Dictionary<Tuple<string, CoreWebView2PermissionKind, bool>, bool> m_cachedPermissions;

// Example Use Case - an app may want to specify that all iframes should
// create a message box to prompt the user for approval on a permission request.
// The approval state could be cached so that future requests are automatically
// handled if they have been requested previously.
void RegisterIFramePermissionRequestedHandler()
{
    m_webview.CoreWebView2.FrameCreated += (sender, frameCreatedArgs) =>
    {

>         frameCreatedArgs.Frame.PermissionRequested += (frameSender, permissionArgs) =>

Reviewer: In the C++ case you check if the CoreWebView2Frame implements the new interface that has PermissionRequested on it. In C#/WinRT doing Frame.PermissionRequested += will do the same thing under the covers but will throw if the interface isn't implemented. To match the C++ code you'd need a try/catch and ignore the exception with a comment explaining why.

        {
            var cachedKey = Tuple.Create(permissionArgs.Uri,
                permissionArgs.PermissionKind, permissionArgs.IsUserInitiated);

            if (m_cachedPermissions.ContainsKey(cachedKey))
            {
                permissionArgs.State = m_cachedPermissions[cachedKey]
                                            ? CoreWebView2PermissionState.Allow
                                            : CoreWebView2PermissionState.Deny;

>                 permissionArgs.Handled = true;

Reviewer: .Handled will throw if the underlying WebView2 Runtime doesn't implement your new interface. However we only run this code if the CoreWebView2Frame.PermissionRequested event exists so its not a problem because they both exist together. But would be nice to add a comment about that.

Author: Created a PutHandled to match C++ and added the try catch. Added comment about how it shouldn't be a problem as well.

                return;
            }

            string message = "An iframe has requested device permission for ";
            message += NameOfPermissionKind(permissionArgs.PermissionKind);
            message += " to the website at ";
            message += permissionArgs.Uri;
            message += "\n\n";
            message += "Do you want to grant permission?\n";
            message +=
                (permissionArgs.IsUserInitiated
                    ? "This request came from a user gesture."
                    : "This request did not come from a user gesture.");

>             var selection = MessageBox.Show(message, "iframe PermissionRequest",

Reviewer: Similar to C++ sample, don't want to run message loop during event handler or async completion handler. There should be examples in C# code of running the messagebox async later via helper. Will also need deferral

interface ICoreWebView2Frame2 : ICoreWebView2Frame {
  /// Add an event handler for the `PermissionRequested` event.
  /// `PermissionRequested` is raised when content in an iframe requests
  /// permission to access some priveleged resources.
  ///
  /// This relates to the `PermissionRequested` event on the `CoreWebView2`.
  /// Both these events will be raised in the case of an iframe requesting
  /// permission. The `CoreWebView2Frame`'s event handlers will be invoked
  /// before the event handlers on the `CoreWebView2`. If the `Handled` property
  /// of the `PermissionRequestedEventArgs` is set to TRUE within the
  /// `CoreWebView2Frame` event handler, then the event will not be
  /// raised on the `CoreWebView2`, and it's event handlers will not be invoked.
  ///
  /// In the case of nested iframes, the 'PermissionRequested' event will
  /// be raised from the top level iframe.
  ///
  /// If a deferral is not taken on the event args, the subsequent scripts are
  /// blocked until the event handler returns.  If a deferral is taken, the
  /// scripts are blocked until the deferral is completed.
  ///
  /// \snippet ScenarioIFrameDevicePermission.cpp PermissionRequested

>   HRESULT add_PermissionRequested(

Reviewer: CoreWebView2.PermissionRequested (and Spartan WebView1 PermissionRequested) event is raised for all top level document and all child / grand-child nested frames so keeping the same name and same meaning seems good to me.

invoked.

In the case of a nested iframe requesting permission, we will raise the event
off of the top level iframe.

# Examples
## C++: Registering IFrame Permission Requested Handler
``` cpp
AppWindow* m_appWindow;
wil::com_ptr<ICoreWebView2> m_webview;
std::map<std::tuple<std::wstring, COREWEBVIEW2_PERMISSION_KIND, BOOL>, bool>
    m_cachedPermissions;

EventRegistrationToken m_frameCreatedToken = {};
EventRegistrationToken m_permissionRequestedToken = {};

// Example Use Case - an app may want to specify that all iframes should
// create a message box to prompt the user for approval on a permission request.
// The approval state could be cached so that future requests are automatically
// handled if they have been requested previously.
void RegisterIFramePermissionRequestedHandler()
{
    auto webview4 = m_webview.try_query<ICoreWebView2_4>();
    if (webview4)
    {
        // Note that FrameCreated will only ever be raised for top level iframes.
        // However, any permission requests from nested iframes will be raised
        // from the top level frame.
        CHECK_FAILURE(webview4->add_FrameCreated(
            Callback<ICoreWebView2FrameCreatedEventHandler>(

>                 [this](ICoreWebView2* sender, ICoreWebView2FrameCreatedEventArgs* args) -> HRESULT {

Reviewer: Microsoft coding style guide has { on its own line. Also applies below
```suggestion
                [this](ICoreWebView2* sender, ICoreWebView2FrameCreatedEventArgs* args) -> HRESULT
                {
```
